Add remote tickets and remote finaid (#326)
EuroPython/website: data/pages-content/finaid.md

You can apply for three different types of grants:

1. **[CLOSED] Free Ticket Voucher Grant:** Get a voucher for a free standard ticket for
   the in-person conference.
2. **[CLOSED] Travel/Accommodation Grant:** We will reimburse travel and/or accommodation
   costs up to €400.
3. **[CLOSED] Visa Application Fee Grant:** Get reimbursed for the costs of a short-stay
   Schengen visa to the Czech Republic (up to €80).

> 4. **🆕 Free remote ticket:** Get a standard remote ticket join the conference remotely for free.

Reviewer: Get a standard remote ticket *to* join the conference (...)
or 
Get a standard remote ticket. Join the conference (...)

want to increase your chances of receiving a grant, it is recommended to apply
early.**

> You can also apply for a grant to participate remotely when the separate application is open

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also apply for a grant to participate remotely when the separate application is open.
```

- The Financial Aid Team may also make grant offers outside the two main rounds
  of selection.

### 🆕 Free Remote Ticket

>   You will receive an individual voucher code that you can use to buy a regular

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  You will receive an individual voucher code that you can use to claim a remote ticket for free
```
